Pitcher Parsons Scheduled to Face His Former Teammates

[Newspaper sports clipping — dated June 23, 1936]

Unable to win a single game for the Rubidoux during the first half of the American league schedule, Gerald A. Parsons will get his big opportunity to lick a Riverside team for the first time Tuesday night, if all goes well.

The occasion is the renewal of the traditional Arlington-Riverside nightball feud at Evans Park, and for the first time in five years Jerry will be chucking 'em in to instead out for the Rubidoux.

There is a story behind Parsons' latest crack at his former teammates. In all his years as a top flight flicker submariner he has never been able to conquer that "Riverside Jinx."

Hit Peak in '34

As a member of the original Fontana Pure Golds of the American league Jerry had splendid success with every member except Riverside. Later he joined the Arlington staff, but never could master the Rubidoux. In 1932 he was not in the league and for the next three and one-half seasons he toiled for the Riverside Pure Golds and Rubidoux.

In '34 Parsons was the standout pitcher, playing a prominent part in the Rubes' championship win. Last year he opened with a no-hit game, the first in six years, but later fizzled. He started four times this season and lost two and won none. He pitched a fine game against Colton for the suburban hustlers Friday, but unfortunately the Reds played near perfect defensive ball.

Parsons is slated to work against the Rubes Tuesday, and just who his opponent will be is not known. Rudy Heman has tamed Arlington twice and Sabella turned the trick once to date.

Three New Umps

Apparently not satisfied with the work of some of his umpires during May and June, President Al Morgan has given the confederacy something of a "new deal" in arbiters this trip. For no less than three new faces have been noted since the half-way mark.

Dave Meiklejohn of Pomona has been working steadily, both on the paths and behind the plate, for three weeks. Lee Wagner, former Rubidoux flinger and veteran arbiter, has returned to town and was used for the first time last week.

Likewise George Austin, portly Ontario guesser, made his debut at San Bernardino Thursday. Morgan has an eight-man staff at present, with Fred Smith, Warren Ashleigh, Ken Stoudt, Earl Fogg and Harry Griffith listed.
